[Autogenerated] Let's recap the key points to remember for this module.
The first thing to remember if you haven't already is to delete the resource
is that you've used if you followed along with the demos.
I showed you this at the end of our last demo.
You haven't S3 bucket, a sage maker endpoint,
a sage maker application and your Jupyter notebook instance in kernel.
You can stop these for the management console and from within Sage Maker studio.
So with that out of the way,
the important points to remember are two use
architecture and security best practices.
Azure designing and deploying your solution.
To deploy the model.
Remember that you first need to create the endpoint configuration
and then the actual endpoint for monitoring.
Use CloudWatch for performance metrics,
and then CloudTrail is for monitoring API activity and finally,
model Monitor a relatively new service that you can use to monitor the
results of the model Once it's out in production,
this will ensure quality,
and it makes sure that your models not drifting over time,
and that's a wrap for this module.
Up next, let's walk through the overall machine learning stack.
We've touched on a lot of things throughout the course so far, but we'll see the big picture and how everything fits together